I love that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price [Music]
is where I'll be to rest Until
the End of Time
Eternity [Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
satanic initiation and tonight we have for you such a delight
we have a great great great love story and I'm going to bring that to you
against the background of some fairy tales some fairy tales yes we're gonna
look at a couple of big names we're gonna look
we're going to look at Elohim we're gonna look at Yahoo
and we're going to take back those names fantastic tonight we begin part one
with Adonis welcome to Lady Babylon
[Music]
fantastic so I've got a several quotes and I'm gonna put set that machine that
we've got going we're gonna head back to Cyprus and we're gonna find the worship
but before we do we're gonna set the
stuff that's popping in the air we're going to set that for you tonight with little imagery and we are sneaking in
this imagery to allow you to be lubricated just to give you that place
so there's that Easy Motion let's hit that first one it's chewy Star Charts
bring it up [Music] move as rare as
any old gem but I just saw a doll Stone I didn't
know then that I could find strength
I could find strength I could find strength that arms as
prayers these
take away all these dark
desires that threatened to send her away
[Music] oh this is these things that catch my
eyes are Phantoms only a fool would
Chase and here we are and you're feeling it
and you're setting into that Throne today we're gonna see she who is of that
many formed throne fantastic buckle your seat belts we've
got to get some cult today I'm gonna flash you up a name and I want those of you in the audience who have ever heard
the word or the name Adonai uh the knee is fine I do not is fine as
well I'm going to bring you the real name behind that name and that is what
you're looking at now Adonis yes how much older how much older is this one than the
previous how much older is Adonis than Adonai
yeah we're talking Mycenaean we're talking Mycenaean fantastic
fantastic and I'll show you the route if you'll stay with me all the way at the end I'll show you the mice and then this
is lovely this is lovely so we're talking about Adena how is Adonai
translated well it's funny in the Septuagint it's
all curios so very conveniently you see we're tracing we're just taking the
crime scene pushing it backwards in time and watching it roll backwards
why do they want it to equal adenai oh I don't know maybe it's because that's how they're translating curios from the
Septuagint you mean Hebrew is being translated from the Greek yes the Hebrew
is translated from the Greek and that is how we get to Jesus in a public park
with a naked boy screaming I am not a child trafficker
okay let's go tonight right right to it let's get right to it you saw the theme
in all of those images that you just got you've taken in the theme now I'm going
to take you to the particular of the mystery and I want you to focus your
attention on this morning I'm gonna bring you a
dead guy and I'm gonna force him to spit out this song of mourning this was a
time when women were worshiped
this was a time when their entire ethnic groups where women held all of the Power
there were Queens fantastic fantastic I want you to take your mind
back to that place and I want to bring you Aphrodite thanks to it Aphrodite and
Adonis I'm going to run this clip for you and this clip is composed of lines
from a second century Hellenist yeah and he is going to be giving you
the lament for Adonis something that spread across the world
yeah yeah across the world it's a time when we enter into that
mid-summer's Lament time when we enter that cry today we're
gonna find Hallelujah Hallelujah if I were out there I could
hear you in a congregation I'd say hallelujah hallelujah is a Greek word
what not even Hallelujah the devil won't even
give them Hallelujah no no
no the devil's not giving you Hallelujah let's start through the let's start um hit we need to hit the film first Julie
let's head up and um Everybody set yourselves for Bion yes bion's morning of Adonis
[Music]
thank you [Music]
foreign [Music]
and who is this Adonis for whom so many
women weep every year so many women we take our we take our
pots and we put our our little flowers that are gonna rise and die and we put
those on the roof yeah and we go through this process of celebrating whoops I gotta I'm on the
wrong side of the ship so we start celebrating right what are we celebrating we shave our heads because
we honor Adonis in his death this is for
the women okay historically I'm just gonna put it out there from the
text these are the voices what I'm about to show you are the voices of the muses
I'm gonna show you that beauty and it's going to start with the one that was
called the tenth Muse I just want to throw her name up here throw her name up there yep nope that one first that one
good stop before right that's the good attic way of saying it anyway but if you drop down you get the eolic you'll get
the eolic yes sappho and what is that ayok that's the Greek that they speak on
the island where sappho lives and is
imprecating or begging or praying to Aphrodite and
what is she praying to her about she's praying to her that she will bring her
love back to her that her love who is a woman
will be drawn back to her she's from the Island of Lesbos
yeah and that's if you talk about Les boss you talk about the influences of
the groups talk about the influences of all the scythian tribes the Ahmad zones
right what are they what are they doing they're all over Les boss right and here
we have sappho who's called the tenth Muse who's writing about these I want to
bring her tonight to this love story because in order to understand the mystery isn't it funny in order to
understand the mystery you have to understand a love story you have to feel and experience a love story
wow wow that's fantastic why would you want to root that out of society
Adonai everywhere curios do you know how Adonai Elohim
and um Yahoo or or yeah Yahweh do you know
um yeah how do you know that they they are all non-existent in the text
they're all translated is curios the Greek is the original people the
Greek is the original the Hebrew post dates the original and
purports to be the original but is a back translation and modification of the
original Hellenistic great Septuagint I'm bringing you those native terms
those thonian terms those native terms that
will show you this let's do it let's go to the first text up here um
whoops uh here let's let me just get this squared away a little bit work
there we go oh we had some comments didn't we had some comments I've I
messed up the order again comments correct we need to do a couple of comments before we jump on a Dos let's
do a couple of comments these are important because I want the audience to know the people who are giving me their
time I'm looking at your stuff and I'm analyzing saying what kind of responses
are there and how can I tailor things to what people are you know what were they
where they're looking all right this is a frontier it's a frontier of information so
um yeah let's go to the first comment and see yes I love this channel this one's just ego stroking I love this
channel so much thank you I've been watching our shows lately and I love the way you teach you down to earth humor
thank you Chantelle thank you I and you guys just see seem so honest and real
not like all the other teachers and preachers they just seem so confused right okay thank you very much I
appreciate that I appreciate the support people would say hey that's just as good
if not better than you're going to hell I love that you're going to house too and for the evangelicals please be
specific please give me some detail when you write something nasty write something you know lately of of late
it's been said that it's been questioned whether or not I'm a math user
um I can assure you I'm not I can assure you I'm not I live in a place that's Savvy on all things chemical and I can
assure you I'm not um thank you though for the for the concern slash suspicion let's get one
more comment let's get one more comment now lady Babylon or anyone who understands what Almond says that minute
25 18 something about hymns of yeah the mercenary poetry fought with
fly draku the Impaler I don't exactly understand him so yeah a great source out there for tar
G um great source for you targ is Mike
or Michael murulas
m-a-r-u-l-l-u-s and he is he's he's a really interesting guy we're not going
to go into but we need to get bring in some more of his poetry as we have in
Pre episodes yeah um look him up check him out love it and
uh let's go now to the text yep the very first one that we're going to come up
with take down that please yeah here's what I'm singing rights
right I'm ayad zoing I'm I arzuing what is that what is where's the ionzo
[Music] there go for it yes ayadzo sorry guys
I'm a little bit my timing's off tonight I apologize I'll slow down a little bit look at this right it's it's because
dates make me nervous I apologize I apologize but dates making me really
nervous um iadzo be whale right to cry I I to
cry I I or to groan that's what I answer is I'm groaning I'm wailing right I'm
who am I lamenting who am I lamenting
this is the cry that one shouts while lamenting I I
astonishment or grief I I beautiful
beautiful let's keep going
right this is the group of mourners who is speaking I want you to get the I want
you to get the the whole context here
you're listening to a group of women who are mourning the death of Adonis
lover of Aphrodite and Adonis you must remember as a
reputation he's 18 and he has the reputation for being
so exceptionally handsome that he's become the lover of
several gods Apollo included yes
yes Apollo included yeah fantastic so he's really really
good looking really good lucky okay devastatingly good looking but if
you want to judge Donis judge him by this one thing the Lord they are adopting the coolest
that they're adopting judge him adoni judge him by one thing
he's killed trying to drive a wild boar out of his
girlfriend's Garden where she has planted roses
and she loves those roses and Adonis Donna's can't can't put up with that
right it's his Drive everything that isn't her must be stopped
that Garden that he's in that paradise that he is in
he's the guardian of it you know yeah that's Adonis
that's Adonis so good looks aside right remember there's two very good looking
very good looking figures from Antiquity who were the two best looking figures from antiquity
number two Adonis number one
in the same family the children of dawn eosphoros the devil
yeah yeah did you know they're related really really good looking family
you know what I mean adonis's mother adonis's mother is Mira
and Mira is that oily
lubricant drug containing medicinal abortifacient
psychotropic that they are using in the right she's confused in Antiquity with Smyrna
just like in the drugs coincidentally Smyrna the drug is confused with [__]
or Mira the drug of of the sexual practices
on Cyprus where we know how to celebrate Adonis
yes fantastic okay let's get hit the Greek more Greek we need some more I'm
gonna we're gonna see the reason that we all came yeah so the beautiful Adonis
right he's dead and the loves the aerotes the loves imagine one love with
his bow Eros right imagine that broken up in the universe as an invisible
Force throughout the cosmos these forces these erotes are Mourning
you know they are in mourning why is love in mourning
okay let's keep going let's keep going I want to bring up a little bit of I want
to bring a little little bit of sappho into it watch this people we're switching to Dorian
play the Afrodita oh god Aphrodite loosening her curly hair
she lets out the alalazo she lets out that Hallelujah
she lets out that scream this appearance that you see in the third line I want
you to focus on that I know most of you don't know ancient Greek my students right you're learning it but for those
of you who don't know it that third word on the third line allale Tai
that is the oldest appearance of Hallelujah this is from sappho
love it love it let's look at what all that because can we go to Hallelujah let me
finish Translating that before just so I can see what yeah yeah um so you're shouting in all of your
sacred grove where you were with with him right she's there when he dies
right and what is she she's walking around our sandals without her shoes on
without her sandals on and she doesn't have her plucked us she doesn't have her
hair braided it's all down and she is full of pain let's go to the next text
please or the next slide yes I I we're back to the lament let's be on by an eye
on oh you know there's that shout I I right you can hear it you can hear the
women you can hear the women there ah either bring it aye right it's a repetition
aye aye right they're mourning kith or a ride kyther a bee with us right the love
itself the loves they're all morning Ryan because the man is dead
right the man is dead and his form his holy form is lost
and then the third line interestingly says
there is a beautiful form in Cyprus in Aphrodite when Adonis lives but
the form dies with Adonis the form dies with Adonis wait a minute
okay I want you to stand aside and say where is the where is the cult taking me
because it's her dissolution when she when Aphrodite loses Adonis
she loses the morphe she loses that form
and that Adonis is transferred to the Korah
to the Korah and now she is in a season of mourning
and suddenly I want you to start smelling the kufi we are in the right we
are with the mourners we are undergoing the right and what is our next text this is going
to bring us back boom yeah blow it up please yep
we're in the right are you ready the spirit right his Spirit what happens
I always say let that Spirit flow out
until they sell glucophiltron and milk so I will milk
the sweet potion of you
oh my God I will milk your sweet potion what is she talking about what is she
talking about she says I'm going to consume ton erota the love
I'm gonna consume the love and this great philemma this great
manifestation of filos that which is charming and
beautiful and lovely this thing I will guard I will guard
this thing sorry about the mic I will guard this thing this film
yeah what is she doing she's bending now please uh the men shut yourselves off
for a minute okay women we are in the right and she is taking the last breath
of her beloved that this is that sustaining wind that
keeps that mystery alive she will eventually recall him
she will recall him but she must first remember we're a bunch of cultists in
Antiquity that's who's dancing around she must first place him into death
he must first enter into death and be subject to the great Korah
when she decides he will return because Aphrodite will
bring him back isn't that nice isn't that nice you ladies who are
called this we've got to get this thing up and going we've got enough funding
we've got enough trans-dimensional funding I should say to go ahead and get
this thing running but we need to put that person into that death State once
again it's a central part of the cold it's a central part of the cold now everybody put your roses on because as
sappho told us explicitly this is only for those who were members
of the order of the Rose what it Where does that Rose come from
where does that Rose I've heard a thousand people and a thousand different places talk about roses and Valentine's
Day and not a single person that ever hit the target
you know what I mean yeah missing the mark falling short did
you fall short yeah sometimes
sometimes people fall short yeah let's go to the next let's go to
our next reading I want to get this is real great stuff great stuff what's happening papia
she pours out as many tears as Adonis Let's Fall his drops of blood
yeah and the the Earth the Sun see that in the second line guys who were taken
he uh guys who were taking Greek sunny right that that earth that is drinking
up all of the tears and blood what does it do it produces on thing it produces
flowers hang in there with me you really need to be on the throne for this
hang in there you produce flowers
the blood produces the rose the blood produces the rose the tears
the tears the anemone right the Wind Flower yeah so cool
several species we think can identify for that but Rose we've got and that's from the
blood that's from the blood and remember what is in that cup
I give you my blood I give you my blood
yo it this this symbolon was so powerful in
Antiquity that even when Christianity took a hold of the state apparatus it
was still able to penetrate Society this symbol of the Rose
and what it meant yeah it is the blood
the blood of the Dying God
you must become like a child do you have the blood of the Dying God
yeah do you have the blood of the Dying God
this is the mystery fantastic bring us up another one
we got bullets we got a few more bullets here thank you thank you for taking a little extra time tonight I appreciate
it I appreciate it yeah let all of those let all of that mirror
all of those drugs that we're using and they're using a lot I was reading once
and uh an ancient Treatise on I forget what the
whole thing was about but in an intersection on different words in Greek for uterus what we call
uterus today and in it it talked at lengths about different kinds of problems
um chafing what do you do when you're pudenda become chafed in antiquity
this is a problem and they have all sorts of oils and
perfumes they've got creams they've got all sorts
of things that they're putting inside outside taking them in all sorts of ways
cutting their skin rubbing it on the skin to get it that way
yeah all sorts of stuff so um and these are sex drugs
sex drugs they're ones that will kill things that you don't want to be there
in the process you know what I mean like that one that you can get the gonora
you know you gotta use some plants you got to put some toxins in a mix and put
it on somebody's private parts yeah you've got to wash out you've got
to wash out the area with these right this is ancient medicine this is ancient
medicine let's these are the people we're dealing with right and okay let's keep going just remember these the the
drugs have to be there right we're trading this stuff all over the place this is making the economy uh roll yeah
you people should be happy yeah not you people personally but you know what I mean people in general yeah um let that
myrrh go away yeah right Adonis is destroyed your your s your myrrh right
you've got no reason to have it anymore look at the second line the hottie taste these are the forces that always
accompany Aphrodite and if you don't understand the hottie taste you cannot understand the mystery
the word hottest is the singular and you'll recognize right away in all
the evangelicals will go what Grace grace and mercy and peace do you
know what Grace is Grace is the feeling that you get when you look into the eyes
of your lover while you're orgasming Grace
Grace are you kidding these haritays are pictured what is
Grace in the mind of the ancient world Grace is a beautiful woman
I didn't make this stuff up I don't care where you put it and where your politics are I really don't care Grace is a
beautiful woman who accompanies she who is loved
wow wow wow okay okay do you see how the how
woman-centered this all is it's incredibly woman centered and remember
our goddess poet who's writing this she is a lesbian from Lesbos
right she has female lovers she's a school teacher she's got students ride okay say
what you want go ahead I can hear him let me hear the complaints let me hear the complaints it wasn't me it was
sappho it was sappho yes and she's fallen in love with a
student again right so who better to write about the power
of persuasion and the power of Grace that's the other entity that accompanies
Aphrodite persuasion yeah desire
yeah love it oh wow he met us right that
desire that desire are you getting it and this is from
women-centered societies all right do you know why we're here
we're only here because of Diana we're only here because of Diana you mean that poor of poison that archerous
from up on the Black Sea who Madea's walking around and everybody's
calling her diwanasa yeah that's who we're talking about she's the one who's planting this that
Diana because of her son
and his disrespect the fact that he was disrespected right
he cursed Aphrodite Diana's son cursed Aphrodite
right wow how is this the Virgin goddess because that hippolysis is that child
she was his leader she was the head Huntress and he was the
follower he was the devotee and when you're in a Bronze Age Society
where women are leaders there's a special relationship with that devotee that is like a mother to her son
and what happens to him he gets killed by Aphrodite he gets killed by Aphrodite do you know
why because he disrespected her and he was Immortal shame on him
right this is Aphrodite aphrodite has the power to do things she
made an entire Island an entire island of women she punished them
for not respecting her this is what happens what happens when you don't respect Aphrodite
I'm gonna tell you from the text these are the limiting women I'm going to tell you first for all certainty
or text say the lemony and women suddenly became very very smelly
in places of holiness where rights should be being celebrated
so that they can come to the Hallelujah because the only thing the poet wants is
to find that Hallelujah to drink that Hallelujah from Aphrodite's lips bring
up the Hallelujah bring up Hallelujah blow that guy up here he's all
time up there I can't see a lots of yeah cry or shout aloud right that's okay
crying inshallah look at we have it of Bacchus I just want you to look at paragraph number two or section two
generally a cry a shot alive especially and you guys never believe me I know you
don't it's not you personally but this always happens I tell people things and they eventually come back to me and they
say oh my God you were right about that you were making that up yeah no no no this is of orgyastic Rights right it's a
shout hallelujah hallelujah when that Seder has brought you to that place
of complete and total ecstasy that's why he's been plugged in
he's got a good 24 hours before that stuff wears off
yeah and he's good for it for another 24 hours we'll kill him if we take him much further than that
remember the society that we're coming from this is a society with a female
Central Authority right okay okay it's
gorgeous gorgeous let's go back to the let's go to the next whoever comes next right yeah oh look at this oh what
happens what does the chorus do of women they try to encant him they try to order
him they try to bring him back these are epoes you know what epos are they're
ancient songs that can affect your
surroundings whether it's bringing a hail storm whether it's destroy your neighbors
crops whether it's give your neighbor a disease start a pandemic
whatever you want these are the apotic forces
Cosmic quantum Force
and that's what we're doing we're being epoes we're using that magic people said Medea's drugs were strong
but even stronger than the drugs were her songs and that's why the fleece is
an animal skin with the song of the queen written thereon in
Magic ink guarded by a dragon in a Grove of Mars
specific place on the east side of the Black Sea Georgia modern day Georgia fantastic Let's uh translate oh and he's
not going to listen to you so they're encanting him like the witches right do you know who screams Hallelujah do you
know who screams Hallelujah in Greek and we're getting back to the Hebrew don't worry we're not we're not done with
Adonai right we're going to get back to that fabrication because I'm taking
smell the original again a thousand years before
they have even proto-hebrew they've got this
somebody wrote to me this week I'll just take a two-minute break with this somebody wrote to me this week I love it
when people do it somebody wrote to me and said hey I'm curious about this thing called the moabite Steely Ryan
what is it and what I don't know I don't know but I looked
it up and it's not even in Hebrew right well it has the name of God it
looks like it's a Venetian and what people say it's there's a chance it's
fake you mean it's not a did they find this at a dig or didn't they
right well it's been questioned I think it's real now what is it it's not Hebrew
the point that we're bringing
is always do the research with the evidence don't come up with stupid ideas just present
the evidence we have no Hebrew you say we have inscriptions yeah most
of them are one letter that could be scratches as well as a letter there is no Library we are drowning in
the Greek we are drowning in it an atom an Adonis come from this Mycenaean old
Greek old Greek yeah so we're in trouble people the the
reality that we've been presented is not is not there let's go uh let's just go
ahead and Flash the Mycenaean up there here's the root look at this
right there's your Adon root you like that your odd down root
fantastic gorgeous and by the way that's a personal name that's just some dude that
was you know scribes so and so or something or somebody who owed the palace money or something got his name
written in there right okay good so we've got that root straight up let's go back to the forms now where wherever we
were next let's yeah go ahead go ahead let's just keep let's just those are good texts go ahead look at this and
they tried to bring him up but what happened he couldn't right why because in that second line the quora the Cora
wouldn't let him go right she wouldn't let him go you must be again for those
of us who are in the right you must be possessed by the Korra in death in order
to be born again good do you understand okay we're
getting closer I know just focus on that image next text I'm gonna hit him hit him again hit him with another one yeah
look at this um just so we don't feel that we're out of place with the Hallelujah and out of
context this is what the seminarians oh let me get my whip this is what the seminarians oh I love this stop it I
love it on your creek oh it's so red
this is okay it shouldn't feel so good right something like that shouldn't feel
so good but it does it feels so good okay
I don't want to get too far away from Jesus because he touches upon the whole Adonai
business let's look at that quote and so they came to they came to this
house the house of the guy who was leader of the synagogue right remember synagogue Greek word right soon I go
again right and uh what did he see he sees this crowd of people and their
client tastes they're like wailing and they're Hallelujah you see the Allah
they're Hallelujah and what is he enters into the place and he says to him hey
what what are you crowd making for what are you what's all this yelling about
he says the kid isn't dead she's just sleeping right it's a crowd of mourners because
head of synagogues daughter has died yeah yeah
and what are the mourners doing they're entering into the Hallelujah
they're entering in to that place of mourning it is a right
that very much is centered upon what you and I call death
and burial the whole experience of death and burial and mourning wrapped up into
a mystery centered around lovers centered around lovers
yeah we're getting closer bring us the next text I can hear it I hear somebody out there is coming coming to the peak I
know that you are Throne remember that word that we saw leave that up there Chewie but remember
that word that we saw in Nero right yeah yeah that Paul Lutheran on
right that polythonic well this is the poikilathronic
the POI kilothronic Aphrodite and it's afro Dita because of the because of the
Doric wait what yes the worship of Aphrodite and Adonis is Doric
how do we know because the language they're using it's all dork baby they
love this stuff okay cool they weren't such bad Invaders after all were they well look what they
left us remember the aeolians are involved as soon as you get the aliens involved you're gonna be square and
dactylic hexameter right love it this is music this is music they sang when they
spoke something higher going on right a lot of drugs stimulating their brains higher
and higher you know what I mean and here she is she's Immortal athanata right and
she's the piadios the Son of God oh excuse me daughter of God
I forgot you've you've been with the Son of God for so long that you didn't know
that there's a daughter of God who is our Morning Star
the dawnbringer yeah she's the one wearing that golden
bra that Jesus puts on in the apocalypse before he wipes everybody out
right he's got all our attributes
right think about that there is a religion right now
that is waiting for their cross-dressing Son of God to come back so he can
maniacally Slaughter us all serial killer Divine style where's that
guy's naked boy whatever happened to that naked boy that was with Jesus I tell you I'm gonna find him it's 40
minutes or so I'm gonna find him I'm gonna find that naked kid I don't care
where you guys have hidden them right when when we go through it and we end up
in the ion as they call it yeah I'm gonna find that kid I'm gonna
summon his ghost I'm gonna pull him toward me yeah and I'm gonna use him I'm
gonna use him is a instrument of my righteous
of my righteous indignation against thee God who comes wearing the costume of
Venus in order to Massacre remember David
you can talk about Adonai and Psalms you can talk about Adonai and Psalms and
every time you're going to find a kurios there and that's why the Hebrew Scholars who screwed up said oh
um let's be unoriginal and say this word goes back to meaning Lord
thank you that's it was already there in the text right they're doing the best
they can they're doing the best they can what can you do with 8 000 unique words against
hundreds thousands you can't you can't compete in
order to appropriate you have to drag that stuff in you have to say well we've got we're going to cover that up
we're going to give you an artificial surface there you don't know what's underneath don't look what's underneath
it ah why would you want to appropriate that
material anyway why would you want to steal and create an adenai why would you want to do that
yeah identification is a funny thing and it does it drives our societies and
peoples to do certain things to create justifications
right yeah it's very dangerous it's a very dangerous manipulation what are we here
for is true sataness we're here for the history all right we're here for the facts we
just want to know what happened right we just we're just part of the part of the Union man we're just
following along we want to know give us the facts okay bring us up that
I'm sorry I'm a little bit preaching tonight I'm going to lose lose my audience because I know you guys have been you know important things to do
give me that one go ahead go ahead yes yeah who are we praying to we're praying
to that you know that one who has that intense
wit now back at the date right she is the one who has that intense wit that
way of thinking to be able to weave the cosmos around herself
yeah you have to have a lot up here if you're going to Muse the universe into
existence what the grace thought that the Universe was the production of a
woman's brain My Yacht my inner Yahoo he says that's not bad my follower of
Yahweh says that's not bad right kick out the wife anyway we didn't
need her anyway right there is no divine feminine where's the divine feminine
right they're all killing female prophets did you know every one of these
prophets has blood on their hands and it's feminine blood better yet
right they're trying to get rid of this right Solomon was bringing that stuff back in shout out shout out to everybody
in Israel who I had the pleasure of of working with yes shout out to you guys I
hope you're I hope you're religious you religious right doesn't take out what you're doing I see what's going on
right did everybody see the fights that are going on oh that's booba you called it you called it love it love it they
all follow reason yeah they all follow reason my buddies
at least right love it love it it's good stuff we want to see the reality we want the text
and we don't want you telling us what to do and what to wear and how to behave
we don't want your rules we want reality good let's go to the last we're going to
get to the last text I got a little overly preached you tonight I apologize yeah whatsoever and finally we end up
with Lady Babylon right whatsoever things you know in whatever ways she glorified herself and Estrella
right right what are you doing look at the Str root in that one right Sigma Tau
row there it is all right strania what is that what is that when you do that
um yeah you're entering that place of establishment with within the
mystery yeah how do our victorians how do you squeeze
that metaphysicality out of a victorian's backside bring us to the next slide bring us to the next section
here it is it's uh wax wanton wax wanted you program all of that into a
victorian's head from 1850 and they translated as to wax wanton you have
done this stealth this stuff to glorify yourself lady Babylon and to wax wanton
you who wax wanton Aphrodite you who wax wanton if there was no waxing wanton
there would be no Cyprus there would be no Aphrodite and Adonis and guess what
you miserable miserable human being there would be no
you for those of you who do not honor
Aphrodite in life you receive your own
self-merited punishment yeah that you will never enter into that
true Hallelujah that true place yes you won't
and that's a curse that's a curse right right I curse your smelly Parts it says
Aphrodite what did we do you didn't honor me I curse your smelly parts
we will honor you now it's too late it's too late the offense is already there your life is the offense smelly
parts for you do you have smelly parts yeah are you one of those
do you need cleansing in the mystery do you need that progression bring up
the next slide yep take a look at this
yep good that one oh can it wrong one
you you are subject
to the universe as much as the next person you thought your life was independent
and that you were living without any sort of thread being written through your life
your entire existence from beginning to end is a testimony
wait what yeah is a testimony what is
that can you feel Can You Feel The Can You Feel the ancient Vibe can you
feel that place where your word is everything and Oaths oath Breakers Liars as we call
them today oath Breakers can't be trusted you can't give those people power an oath breaker
will take apart your democracy yeah
yeah you are the living punishment that's a Chaldean talking through me to
us you are the living punishment fantastic fantastic who is this Adonis
who is this Adonis this is I put this up top sure I'm sorry
wait where is the oh it's not no okay oh man there it is
yep no that's not it either I guess I no I guess I forgot it um go ahead and take it down I I wanted
to finish tonight by giving you the climax and the climax is in the name
the name is not Lord it is not a made-up Hebrew word to represent a Greek word
that was much much older it is a root
and a concept which comes to us from the very heart of everything mystery
religion and antiquity it comes to us for the root for
the Nightingale the singer right here it is
look at that I managed to come through I might get that Hallelujah still the song
stress right the Nightingale right who is that singer who is that ah Adon
who is that I don who is that Adonis
who is the singer that is what Aphrodite is looking for
she is looking for the singer who cannot tolerate the corruption
of her garden yeah the one that would rather die
than live with the defilement of her roses that's the Adonis
that's the one we enter into Hallelujah with that's the one who's been a model
for both Orthodox Judaism and Christianity
tonight you see clearly Adonis
curios hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music] to me on Sundays not
[Music]